New York City today we had an overnight
road trip to New York City
Ammar had never driven down to New York
City before and our goal was to get to
Times Square at the middle of the night
and get on the big screens we were
packed and Amara was excited know ladies
and gentlemen this is a market vehicle
fired off pilot Chris sincere and now
right now we're headed to New York City
and the weather that seems pretty a
pretty good it's a it's 17 degrees low
and at 25 high we might get pulled over
like six seven times for stealing but
and as always we're off to a great start
that's is five miles that's how many
miles we have to find gasps oh my god
this is gonna be happy guys this is not
gonna be a cigar in the middle of
nowhere look at where we are there are
tracks
there are attractions
we're good we found two guys socially
they closed their enclosed yeah they're
closed
how do you how are you closed with one
mile away from running out of gas and
canceling the trip they found a gas
station we were back on track and we
passed the border dance Amara woke me up
we nasty fast food recorded yesterday's
story edited a video I got exhausted I'm
are flexed well filling gas we jumping
jack and we finally arrived in the big
city
we got the Times Square and a huge
tourist we were excited to be up on the
big screen
ten hours later we have made it to Times
Square anymore as the zombies my selfie
stick New York City was something there
we are
Thomas we made a baby
at 5:00 a.m. we're all exhausted and
finally got to our friend Darcy the
department yeah what's up dog bro you
took the meat dosage I'm so excited to
be Darcy I've never met him before but
we are best friends for like 5:45 AM New
York City boys are asleep right now and
I decide to stand sunrise over the city
because I've never seen that before
and it's on the list and we know how 24
hours to enjoy the city see you tomorrow